doc: add details of yearly awards program (#11)
openjs-foundation/community-fund: programs/thank-you.md

# Thank You Program

> The thank you program currently supports thank you's to contributors inthe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The thank you program currently supports thank yous to contributors in the
```
